Summarize your solution
-----------------------

* What was your approach to solving the assignment?
* Are there any known bugs in your solution?

Feedback on the assignment
--------------------------

* What was fun about the assignment?
* What did you find especially hard?
* How could the assignment be made more valuable?

Teamwork
--------

* What are your team's ground rules? What changes
  to these rules might improve the functioning of
  your team in A6?

Our ground rules are the expectation that everyone completes their assigned 
tasks before each meeting and that everyone attends scheduled meetings (or 
gives the group notice if they cannot attend).

We could stand to be more clear on when tasks should be completed; during the
design phase it was not always clearly stated.

* How is everyone encouraged to stay accountable to the
  tasks they have been assigned?

Because we meet 3x a week, we can check in on everyone's progress. At meetings
we go over what everyone has accomplished so that everyone is up to date. 
This also has the effect of encouraging people to complete their tasks.

* What conflicts have arisen within your team? How (if at
  all) have the conflicts been resolved? What could you do
  to improve your team's ability to deal productively with
  conflict?

We have had no serious conflicts thus far. The only conflicts we have had were
either scheduling or ideallogical. Scheduling have been easily resolved and
should remain easy to solve. Ideallogical conflicts, though more complicated
to resolve have not prevented progress, and are probably good for the overall
soundness of our code and implementation.

* How do your meetings typically proceed? What do you
  accomplish and in how much time? What is effective about
  your team functioning during meetings? What changes would
  improve your meetings?

Meetings are scheduled for 2 hours and tend to last 1-2 hours. Meetings 
generally begin by going over what each member has accomplished independently
since the previous meeting to catch everyone up and make sure each part is
implemented soundly and will integrate with the rest of the system. Meetings
are also spent making overall design decisions, and previously writing up 
documentation and making diagrams to submit.
